OSDOCS-11732: Add dummy device as additional network (#81643)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-multus-dummy-device-object.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/multiple_networks/configuring-additional-network.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="nw-multus-dummy-device-object_{context}"]
= Configuration for a dummy device additional network

> 

Author: @dougbtv, perfect, thanks!

The following object describes the configuration parameters for the dummy CNI plugin:

.Dummy device CNI plugin JSON configuration object
[cols=".^2,.^2,.^6",options="header"]
|====
|Field|Type|Description

|`cniVersion`
|`string`
|The CNI specification version. The `0.3.1` value is required.

|`name`
|`string`

> |The value for the `name` parameter you provided previously for the CNO configuration.

Reviewer: This is arbitrary but I think the recommended value is useful (as it may appear this way in logging), nicely done.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/multiple_networks/configuring-additional-network.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="nw-multus-dummy-device-object_{context}"]
= Configuration for a dummy device additional network

> The dummy CNI plugin functions like a loopback device. The plugin is a virtual interface that allows packets to be routed to a designated IP address. Unlike loopback, the IP address can be arbitrary and is not restricted to the `127.0.0.0/8` address range.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The dummy CNI plugin functions like a loopback device. The plugin is a virtual interface. You can use the plugin to route the packets to a designated IP address. Unlike a loopback device, the IP address is arbitrary and is not restricted to the `127.0.0.0/8` address range.
```

Reviewer 2: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#:~:text=Use%20uppercase.-,allow%20verb,-Avoid%20stating%20that

The following object describes the configuration parameters for the dummy CNI plugin:

.Dummy device CNI plugin JSON configuration object
[cols=".^2,.^2,.^6",options="header"]
|====
|Field|Type|Description

|`cniVersion`
|`string`

> |The CNI specification version. The `0.3.1` value is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|The CNI specification version. The required value is `0.3.1`.
```

|`name`
|`string`

> |The value for the `name` parameter you provided previously for the CNO configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|The value for the `name` parameter that you previously specified for the CNO configuration.
```

|`type`
|`string`

> |The name of the CNI plugin to configure: `dummy`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|The name of the CNI plugin that you want to configure. The required value is `dummy`.
```

|`ipam`
|`object`

> |The configuration object for the IPAM CNI plugin. The plugin manages IP address assignment for the attachment definition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|The configuration object for the IPAM CNI plugin. The plugin manages the IP address assignment for the attachment definition.
```

Reviewer 2: Expand IPAM?

|====

[id="nw-multus-dummy-device-config-example_{context}"]

> == dummy configuration example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Dummy configuration example
```
